sendchat PRE-ANN (blocktrust) https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=880647.0
PRE-RELEASE

Heritage: blackcoin master(5750ebe0f0cea03f91710238e272af77d4d10cf2)

Problems:

still needs a hard checkpoint after CCO

Notes:

Watermarks: uint64_t, pos, chainparams

PRE-ANN notes:
forked from a good quality codebase
good, has synccheckpoint key set
good, uses zero reward PoS blocks during CCO

public:

Sendcoin is a new cryptocurrency with plans of enabling easy microtransactions and cross-platform messaging. The cryptocurrency wallet has been tested and verified by BlockTrust to confirm the documented specifications, and is in proper working order with no observable problems. The blockchain was tested by using a series of transactions to ensure that the coins were received and could be sent on all supported platforms. SendChat uses PoS 2.0 from Blackcoin and is directly based on the Blackcoin source code. As such, it has excellent code quality. The developers were quick to fix some minor issues that were encountered in the testing. By speaking with the developers, it is evident that they have a good understanding of the blockchain protocol and how to properly manage it in their own source code.

The code review of Sendcoin consisted mainly of a comparison to Blackcoin, to verify all changes implemented by the project. All changes are hand checked to ensure that they are justified and not malicious. Along with this change checking, a number of other critical areas are specifically reviewed to ensure that it leaves a secure cryptocurrency. The proof of work reward code is checked to ensure that only the coins for the CCO are mined and no more. The difficulty algorithm is also checked to ensure it is a known and tested algorithm and is properly configured. The public key for network alerts and sync checkpoints is also checked to ensure that they are valid and belong to the project. Other various checks also include making sure that the network won't fork in the future as an artifact of Blackcoin (ie, a hard-fork that isn't removed from Blackcoin code).

Along with checking the code, the status of the network and blockchain was also checked with a specialized block explorer to ensure that things look correct and are consistent with the expected protocol parameters. The network is checked to ensure that a sync checkpoint server is running, which dramatically increases the difficulty of a double spend attack. The compiled wallets are also checked. These are checked by ensuring that they receive and broadcast transactions and that they properly participate in the network. Other things checked with the compiled wallets is general UI checks, version numbers, and ensuring that it is compiled with the latest OpenSSL version. In Sendchat, all of these tests have passed and is of superb quality. 

